all right what's up everyone so in this
video i'm going to show you how you can
survive and how to beat the alien in
sputnik
so we start off the movie with two
astronauts heading into space
and being the first to see the alien
that eventually
gets into their shuttle we then
go over to soviet kazakhstan 1983
and we see the two astronauts coming
back down from
space we then see the possessed looking
person that now has the alien inside of
them
flash over to a meeting with
our main character who was
involved in a crime of a death of a boy
she is then asked if she would like to
take a job at a research facility
taking care of the astronaut that came
back from space
on the way there they discuss the
symptoms and
amnesia of the astronaut that landed
from orbit
the first red flag that she should
notice is the dead body
and that should point out that there is
something not right going on in this
facility
she then gets to interview the astronaut
that
came in from orbit about what went down
with the alien
and she still doesn't know that the
alien is
inside of him later in the movie she
sees this for her own eyes
and she now sees that the alien is
inside of the astronaut and is going
up his throat at one to two in the
morning every night this should be her
second sign that
this is not something for them and you
never know what the alien is capable of
she then decides to get a closer look
and
she finally gets to see the aliens true
form
and it goes to lunge at her but luckily
there was a glass
shield there we then see the astronaut
having tests done
to see if this creature inside of him
should be removed
or how to remove it during her research
she finds out that the alien actually
gives the astronaut
more recovery speed so he can recover
faster
and it helps him so she wants to
get face to face with the alien but her
one mistake is that she slips and the
alien attacks her
one thing is that i would not be wearing
such a
flimsy suit that looks like it's made
out of a garbage bag i would be going in
there with a full metal
juggernaut suit so she is then saved by
the uh
lights above her in the room and the
alien eventually
uh backs off so that she can get out
she then goes to research what happened
so she can study it
and find a way to prevent it we then
see the astronaut that has the alien
inside of him
being uh drugged with a sleeping pill so
that
they can go feed the alien
human people which is why in the
beginning of the movie we saw a dead
body there which now we see
the victim which is a criminal being fed
to the alien
and if i were the criminal i would not
be
sitting there on the ground like that i
would be trying to do everything i can
to get out of that situation we then see
their
plan to escape by taking out the guards
so that they can get into the car and
escape
the doctor there is trying to help them
by calling the
moscow headquarters about what really is
going on with the alien
and this guy walks in the commander of
the operation or
in the facility and i would be trying to
blackmail him and say something like the
alien is behind you or something so i
can get a
head start and take him out too later
the astronaut uses a pen
that will eject the alien from him
because the alien does not like that
stuff they use this so they can
get away from the guards and the alien
completely obliterates all the guards
but we have the one commander that uh
is able to defend it off and get the
alien really hurt later when they are
escaping
the alien and the astronaut have become
a symbiote so they're now feeling each
other's pains so that's why
when they brought it the alien to him it
is able to kind of resurrect
and uh kill all the soldiers
but at the end he decides to kill
himself so that neither the alien or him
will live
and our main character eventually goes
back home